h1. Infuse

h2. Description

Create HTML slide shows with a simple DSL.

h2. Installation

<pre>
  sudo gem install n3bulous-infuse --source=http://gems.github.com
</pre>

h2. Usage

<pre>
  infuse presentation.infuse
</pre>

The above command will:

* Parse your slide show file.
* Create a directory named "presentation" if it doesn't already exist.
* Populate the directory with default files (the first time.)
* Convert your slide show markup to an HTML file.

h2. Example

<pre>
title "Gitting Jiggy with Git"
subtitle "Managing Documents with a Source Code Management System"
author "Kevin McFadden"
company "Concepts Ahead"
copyright "2009 Kevin McFadden"
background ""

slide "Who is this Guy?", <<_EOS
* Name: Kevin McFadden
* Current: Concepts Ahead
* Past: Director of Technology @ Viget Labs IN D.C.
* Other projects found on "Github":https://github.com/n3bulous/.
_EOS
</pre>

h2. Future

* Add cli help and options
* Support external resources (images, ...)
* Figure out why my redcloth dependency check fails.
* Support TextMate
* Support Rakefile
* Support Markdown
* Custom theme support
* Code formatting
* Animated transitions
* Let me know, or contribute!

h2. Useful Info

* You can use "iRed Light":http://www.filewell.com/iRedLite/ to control any application.  In this case, assign the up and down cursor keys to your preferred buttons.

h2. Inspiration

Infuse was born out of getting caught up in the look of slide show presentations with Keynote, and out of the frustration of "codex's":http://github.com/pragdave/codex complicated process.

h2. License

Copyright &copy; 2009 Kevin McFadden, Concepts Ahead

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
